# CSE515Phase3
A huge amount of data is being produced every day, these data can be documents, images, videos, audio and many other things. One important feature of these data items is that they have high dimensions. Dealing with textual data is easier when compared with images.
When working with high dimensional data in large quantities there needs to be an easy and accessible way to query out specific data from the large database. Performing sequential scans on large data with high dimensions can be time consuming and may lead to exponential time costs when we try to query a given data in the database. For instance, we were given images of size 64*64 and given a specific image to try to determine similar images to. This can be very computationally expensive.
Using a multimedia big data approach, we have used various ways to classify different types of images and find the similar images to the query image. This phase of the project deals with performing classification on different types of data in order to correctly classify a given new query image. We create clusters and use them to find nearest images, so when a new query image comes, we can correctly identify its correct cluster and perform analysis to find the k nearest images. After this we considered user feedback about relevant and irrelevant images and used it to further improve nearest image results. In this phase we performed classification by implementing Support Vector Machine (SVM), Decision Tree (DT), and Personalized PageRank (PPR). For clustering and nearest neighbor search we used Vector Approximation Files (VA-Files), and Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH). For getting user relevance feedback we used the classification and nearest neighbor search algorithm in parallel to get the nearest images while considering user feedback.

# Execution instructions
To execute each of the tasks please run "python3 tasks/task_x.py" where x is the number of the task that you want to run. Perform this command from the parent directory of tasks, this should be named CSE515Phase3. 
